what happened here , last Tuesday , honourable senators ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of the committee . 
it will not be surprised and I know what the Senate committee that independent rise too . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the business that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to a committee , as some of these , supposedly new Senate committee which actually sitting senators . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine of missing . 
it was sent a replacement . 
one name , I do honourable senators . 
i am not so that it is nice , you can see , ? 
that was the fault will have to find in their own research senators . 
when one , it must accept the do a job . 
the women who have proven sitting on the Senate . 
the majority of the Senate that they have to be the best men remplissaient . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans of the to the hold 1998 . 
then it is the House of Commons or sitting in the Senate Ni . 
all of the proceedings of the committee , they sat in the three senators women . 
the committee were to find the officers of the Senate is a man . 
to answer the question I asked what could cite the words , I say , hon. senator Carstairs took . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
the first report of the minister said that it was to address the women in a representation . 
in 1993 that they were prepared to the parliamentary associations . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
i have been replaced by on this issue , for a number of years in the Senate Finestone . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know about these two reports will be , when the decision or how senators honourable House . 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
in a or any group or wondered journalists of students . 
let us say that ? 
it is true , I think it . 
however , in fact it should be translated . 
i do not think the option to . 
if it in a position to a committee , he should or any part provided a senator accept meetings . 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
today , and there is a question to the committee to study after two years in committee , " you Présentez final '' . 
they do not even know what they are the leaders , but when they stand out their considers stand . 
they do not know what happened no . 
is the words " and " in the Senate , " our honourable way dedication speech continuité '' . 
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators . 
if we do not do business in my own who are concerned about the parliamentary committee , I créerai international . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , the hon. member , if you want to do any other honourable senators , Senator ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
